[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: In the final bit that
you're gonna look at in the workshop
session this afternoon is
a tool called a Rollbar.
And a Rollbar, again super useful.
You can sign up for a free trial
account to exercise it a little bit.
But when you sign up, if you elect the
programming language you're looking for,
gives you some handy dandy instructions
on how to get your module initialized.
So you can start sending some test
notifications pretty quickly.
But you'll find that there is
an express middleware that
you can actually plug directly into your
application that will capture exceptions
coming in to your express app and
send them directly to Rollbar.
So your mission,
if you would choose to accept it,
is to sign up for a free Rollbar account.
And start sending any exceptions which
are caught by Express to RollBar.
Now one thing that you'll I'm sure
figure out in your travels is
that the order in which you add middleware
to an Express application is significant.
And the errors that you put in place for
404 handling and for
error handling are gonna come
after the routes that you define.
So here in the routes file,
that's a different one.
This is where your application
routes are defined.
We're probably not gonna do it here.
Where we're gonna go is into webapp.js
where we configure our other middleware.
And after our
other routes in middleware have had
a chance to try to handle the request.
Somewhere down beneath here we're probably
going to add in that other middleware
that's going to start capturing
exceptions and sending them to Rollbar.
You can test that by throwing an exception
in one of the controllers and
seeing that bubble into the middleware.
The signature for error handling
middleware is going to be app.use.
And then that function's going
to have an errority of four,
I believe,
which is going to be a request, response,
the next handler and then the error that
was produced further up in the stack.
The Rollbar module will, I believe
provide one of these types of middleware,
so that you can just plug directly in.
So it actually ends up
working out pretty great.
You can also add your own custom error
handling logic in this way as well.
So the issue for that is out on GitHub and
that's going to be issue number 38.
So we're gonna add some error handling
into our Express application and
in the a production environment
we're gonna want to send that error
information to Rollbar.
So we should think about
where it would make sense to
store our Rollbar service
key in our configuration.
And how to put their proper checks
in place to make sure that it's
only happening in our production
environment rather than dev or test.
So we'll take, I'm going to say
20 minutes, to break that down.
I bet that's something that you can we
can get in place out pretty quickly, and
then we can we can take a look at
what that feedback looks like
in the in the Rollbar interface.
Yes Mark?
>> Speaker 2: Did the beanstalk actually
provision more instances, I don't know
if I saw actually provision more.
Yeah, there was two, right?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, so there was
a third that got provisioned, and
I think it could have gone up to six.
But the network usage wasn't
the best indicator in this case.
Cuz weren't actually sending all
that much data over the wire.
It was more like
the deluge of requests and
the CPU would have been a better
indicator for when we should spin up.
>> Speaker 2: And does it go back down.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah,
it will cool back down.
Eventually this list will
drop to just one after it's
determined that we're not sending
as much data over the wire.
>> Speaker 2: Pretty awesome.
>> Kevin Whinnery: It can be.
>> Speaker 2: So
we put a really heavy load on it,
can hear the credit card machine running?
[LAUGH]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: If you have a live web
socket counter of all the money that's
coming out of your account.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Well, I don't know.
Hopefully, I have been spamming a lot but
it seems like I haven't used up
my my credits yet, so we'll see.
I'm willing to take that one for
the team though.